app/content/pages/docs.md, before:

---
title: Docs
layout: page
---

# DOCS

These docs are a work-in-progress. Complain in the [GitHub issues](https://github.com/deltaepsilon/fireline/issues) if something is missing or the guides are unclear.

## Cloud Functions for Firebase Installation

Set up Cloud Functions for Firebase in your project: [get started guide](https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions/get-started)

Install Fireline in your `/functions` folder: `cd functions && npm install @quiver/fireline`

Export the Fireline functions in `/functions/index.js` file: [example index.js](https://github.com/deltaepsilon/fireline/blob/master/app/functions/index.js)

Set your Stripe secret key value in the Cloud Functions Config:

`firebase functions:config:set stripe.sk=sk_test_yoursecretkey`

### Client App Installation

Include the Firebase client SDKs in your client app: [web setup docs](https://firebase.google.com/docs/web/setup)

See the demo code for a React implementation: [demo code](https://github.com/deltaepsilon/fireline/blob/master/app/content/components/demo/demo.js)

### Security Rules

You'll need security rules for your `stripe-customers` collection.

See [firestore.rules example](https://github.com/deltaepsilon/fireline/blob/master/app/firestore.rules)

### Webhooks

Configure Stripe webhooks on your [webhooks dashboard](https://dashboard.stripe.com/test/webhooks).

You'll need to configure webhooks for the Fireline webhooks, or your Firestore records will not be able to sync with Stripe.

You can send test webhook calls from the Stripe Webhooks dashboard.

You can also serve your webhooks locally using `yarn serve:https`. Note that you'll need to have external DNS, Nginx and Certbot configured if you want to test against your local dev environment.

#### Required Webhooks

---

URL: https://your-project-name.cloudfunctions.net/webhooks/stripe/product
Description: Sync Stripe products with Firestore
Event types:

- product.deleted
- product.created
- product.updated

Cloud Functions signing secret command:
`firebase functions:config:set stripe.signing_secret.product=whsec_yourwebhookproductsigningkey`

---

URL: https://your-project-name.cloudfunctions.net/webhooks/stripe/price
Description: Sync Stripe prices with Firestore
Event types:

- price.deleted
- price.created
- price.updated

Cloud Functions signing secret command:
`firebase functions:config:set stripe.signing_secret.price=whsec_yourwebhookpricesigningkey`

---

URL: https://your-project-name.cloudfunctions.net/webhooks/stripe/subscription
Description: Sync Stripe subscriptions with Firestore
Event types:

- subscription.deleted
- subscription.updated

Cloud Functions signing secret command:
`firebase functions:config:set stripe.signing_secret.subscription=whsec_yourwebhooksubscriptionsigningkey`

Commit message:

Docs to explain why the subscriptions webhooks are different.

app/content/pages/docs.md, after:

---
title: Docs
layout: page
---

# DOCS

These docs are a work-in-progress. Complain in the [GitHub issues](https://github.com/deltaepsilon/fireline/issues) if something is missing or the guides are unclear.

## Cloud Functions for Firebase Installation

1. Set up Cloud Functions for Firebase in your project: [get started guide](https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions/get-started)

1. Install Fireline in your `/functions` folder: `cd functions && npm install @quiver/fireline`

1. Export the Fireline functions in `/functions/index.js` file: [example index.js](https://github.com/deltaepsilon/fireline/blob/master/app/functions/index.js)

1. Set your Stripe secret key value in the Cloud Functions Config:

> `firebase functions:config:set stripe.sk=sk_test_yoursecretkey`

### Client App Installation

1. Include the Firebase client SDKs in your client app: [web setup docs](https://firebase.google.com/docs/web/setup)

1. See the demo code for a React implementation: [demo code](https://github.com/deltaepsilon/fireline/blob/master/app/content/components/demo/demo.js)

### Security Rules

You'll need security rules for your `stripe-customers` collection.

See [app/firestore.rules](https://github.com/deltaepsilon/fireline/blob/master/app/firestore.rules)

### Webhooks

Configure Stripe webhooks on your [webhooks dashboard](https://dashboard.stripe.com/test/webhooks).

You'll need to configure Stripe webhooks or your Firestore records will stay synced with Stripe.

You can send test webhook calls from the Stripe Webhooks dashboard. But note that the `subscription.updated` and `subscription.deleted` webhooks won't work unless you first create a subscription with the correct `id`.

You can also serve your webhooks locally using `yarn serve:https`. Note that you'll need to configure external DNS, Nginx and Certbot if you want to test against your local dev environment.

#### Required Webhooks

---

URL: https://your-project-name.cloudfunctions.net/webhooks/stripe/product
Description: Sync Stripe products with Firestore
Event types:

- product.deleted
- product.created
- product.updated

Cloud Functions signing secret command:
`firebase functions:config:set stripe.signing_secret.product=whsec_yourwebhookproductsigningkey`

---

URL: https://your-project-name.cloudfunctions.net/webhooks/stripe/price
Description: Sync Stripe prices with Firestore
Event types:

- price.deleted
- price.created
- price.updated

Cloud Functions signing secret command:
`firebase functions:config:set stripe.signing_secret.price=whsec_yourwebhookpricesigningkey`

---

URL: https://your-project-name.cloudfunctions.net/webhooks/stripe/subscription
Description: Sync Stripe subscriptions with Firestore
Event types:

- subscription.deleted
- subscription.updated

Cloud Functions signing secret command:
`firebase functions:config:set stripe.signing_secret.subscription=whsec_yourwebhooksubscriptionsigningkey`

**WARNING!**

Subscriptions are nested under customers in the Firestore database, but Stripe doesn't know about our customer IDs (which are really `currentUser.uid`)... so we have to use a [collection group query](https://firebase.google.com/docs/firestore/query-data/queries#collection-group-query) to find the record to update or delete.

The `subscription.deleted` Stripe webhook event can never work, because the webhook doesn't provide us with enough information to correctly nest the subscription under the correct customer. As a result, we create all subscriptions manually and let the webhooks handle `subscription.deleted` and `subscription.updated`.

You'll have a tricky time testing these webhooks using Stripe's test webhook events, because the `id` of the test event doesn't already exist in Firestore. You can make the tests work by creating a subscription record in Firestore at `stripe-customers/some-fake-uid/subscriptions/subscription_00000000000000`. You can put any data in there that you want. The webhook test will overwrite it.
